---
layout:     property
title:      "servicing"
schemas:    [loan, security]
---

# servicing

---

# Loan

Identify the method by which a loan shall be repaid.


### salary
The loan shall be repaid via the salary of the borrower.

### rent
The loan shall be repaid via the cashflows generated by the property bought by the loan financing
i.e. the repayment is materially dependent on cash flows generated by the property. See [Basel Framework, CRE 20.79](https://www.bis.org/basel_framework/chapter/CRE/20.htm?inforce=20230101&published=20221208#paragraph_CRE_20_20230101_20_79)

### business
The loan shall be repaid via funds generated from business, i.e. income generated from a shop bought.

### pension
The loan shall be repaid via funds sourced from pension payments.

# Security

```bash
├── app_backed
├── general_obligation
├── revenue
│   ├── revenue_education
│   ├── revenue_health
│   ├── revenue_ind_dev
│   ├── revenue_multi_housing
│   ├── revenue_other
│   ├── revenue_single_housing
│   ├── revenue_tax
│   ├── revenue_transport
│   └── revenue_utilities
└── other
```

### app_backed
Appropriation-Backed: The bond shall be repaid from annually appropriated government funds.

### general_obligation
The bond shall be repaid from general tax or other revenues, and is not limited to a specific revenue-generating project or asset.

### revenue
The bond shall be repaid from specific revenue sources.

### revenue_education
The bond shall be repaid from revenue generated by educational institutions or facilities

### revenue_health
The bond shall be repaid using revenue from hospitals, clinics, or other healthcare-related facilities.

### revenue_ind_dev
The bond shall be repaid from revenue tied to industrial development initiatives, such as manufacturing or commercial facilities.

### revenue_multi_housing
The bond shall be repaid from income produced by multi-family housing projects, such as apartment complexes.

### revenue_other
The bond shall be repaid from revenue sources not specifically categorized, related to other public or private projects.

### revenue_single_housing
The bond shall be repaid from revenue generated by single-family housing developments or related programs.

### revenue_tax
The bond shall be repaid from dedicated tax revenue streams (e.g., sales tax, hotel tax) earmarked for the project.

### revenue_transport
The bond shall be repaid using revenue from transportation infrastructure like tolls, transit fares, or airport fees.

### revenue_utilities
The bond shall be repaid through user fees or service charges from public utility services (e.g., water, electricity).

### other
The bond shall be repaid using any other repayment method